recon-ng: add page (#16121)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/recon-ng.md

# recon-ng

> Automated reconnaissance and information gathering tool.

> > After installation use `recon-ng` to begin using this tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run `recon-ng` to begin using this tool.
```

> > Automated reconnaissance and information gathering tool.
> > Run `recon-ng` to begin using this tool.
> > More information: <https://github.com/lanmaster53/recon-ng/wiki>.
> 
> - Create a workspace:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Automated reconnaissance and information gathering tool.
> More information: <https://github.com/lanmaster53/recon-ng/wiki>.

- Start the tool:

`recon-ng`

- Create a workspace:
```
It's better to have the startup in the examples.

> `workspaces create workspace_name`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`workspaces create {{workspace_name}}`
```
This should be a placeholder, check our style guide for more information.

> - Search marketplace for modules used to accomplish different reconnaissance tasks:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Search the marketplace for modules used to accomplish different reconnaissance tasks:
```

`marketplace search`

> - Install all available modules (Some may need api keys to completely function):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Install all available modules (some may need API keys to function completely):
```

`marketplace install all`

> - Load the profiler module. This module is used to scan the web for profiles matching the target, scrape them, and store them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Load the profiler module. It is used to scan the web for profiles matching the target, scrape them, and store them:
```
